When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would want to use a remote repository as I would use Drop Box or Google Drive. I would
use it when I want to work on my project on multiple computers. This will be helpful if 
I want to switch from my laptop to working on my desktop. It will also allow for easy 
collaboration with others, since we all won't be working on the same machine...
hopefully, haha.

July 22, 2016 2:22 pm
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a clone of a repository done on the GitHub server/web site. It allows me to make modifications to the repository
 without it affecting the owners original repository, but still giving credit to the original owner.

A clone is a copy of a repository made from the GitHub server to my local machine. It allows me to make changes locally, 
and choose what to push to the main GitHub server.

A branch makes a copy of the main master branch and allows me to make changes without affecting the master branch. I can
 then merge those changes on the other branch to the master branch when I feel the new feature or reason I made the 
 branch is ready. 

3:21 pm
 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

 This is beneficial to know the last known state so we can do comparisons with our most up to date version of the remote that is stored online. We couldn't do that if the remote wasn't stored locally. 

 3:38 pm
 How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

 For one, it would be a whole lot of flash drive passing around, slamming my head against the wall because of lost files,
 more slamming because others lost their files; Or, in some cases, I have used google drive or the sorts for collaboration.
 It was a nightmare. Everyone was to make a copy of the main files, and then not overwrite the main files, but save their 
 copy with their name on it so we could see their changes. A couple of people editted and saved over the main file, so we
 had nothing we could go back to. It was one of my graphic design classes in highschool, so restoring meant redesigning. 
 With Git, the usage of branches is just awesome.